---
layout: post
title: Suicide!!!!!! 🖤
date: 2022-07-08 23:13:18
description:
tags:
categories:
thumbnail:
---


<div style="text-align: justify; margin: 0 2rem 2rem 2rem;">

One of my school friends committed suicide one month ago, but I got the news today while randomly walking in the street.<br><br>

I can't explain the feelings that I have been experiencing right now. I can't even imagine that he was no more. We had a communication gap after the admission timeline and missed our best shot in admission. It was 2018, and some of us came out of a failed admission season... Desperate, devastated. It took several months attempt to be okay for the next attempt. In this attempt, we had no communication. But like every year, I wished him last February 13 on his birthday, also made a call but he didn't pick up. Later he called back but I didn't pick up the call somehow. I can't remember whether I was busy enough not to pick up the call. Now I am just thinking If there was any time machine then I would go back to February 13 and pick up his call and make chit-chat with him about random topics.<br><br>

Time flies so fast, flashbacks to the good old days... As far as I can remember, those free Facebook days back to 2015... no communication gap... late night chitchat... then woke up and went to school at 6 AM... having a long conversation about last night's premier league or La Liga match or TV series 'Sherlock Holmes'. Then playing cricket or football with tape-tennis ball in 'Balur Math' after math-private.<br><br>

My friend, Sorry for everything. God bless you in your new journey. ;'(<br><br>
<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/TextMessage.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
<br><br>

*last message, ei message er ar reply asbe nah! ;'(<br><br>

</div>